# 対話型Installerメモ.md
```
root@cda962ed97ac:~# ./ManageEngine_OpManager_Plus_64bit.bin 
Preparing to install...
Extracting the JRE from the installer archive...
Unpacking the JRE...
Extracting the installation resources from the installer archive...
Configuring the installer for this system's environment...
./ManageEngine_OpManager_Plus_64bit.bin: 1: unzip: not found
Invalid unzip command found

Launching installer...


Graphical installers are not supported by the VM. The console mode will be used instead...

===============================================================================
ロケールを選択...
----------

    1- English
  ->2- 日本語

ロケールの番号を選択: 
===============================================================================
ManageEngine OpManager Plus                      (created with InstallAnywhere)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Preparing CONSOLE Mode Installation...




===============================================================================





===============================================================================
開始画面
----

ManageEngine OpManager Plus のInstall Wizardへ、ようこそ。

本製品は、OpManagerは、エージェントレスで、仮想サーバー、
物理サーバー、ネットワーク機器、トラフィック、
イベントログなどのITインフラを統合監視する製品です。
乗り換えも運用も簡単で、
コストパフォーマンスも高いです。インストールの解説は、
http://help.opmanager.jp/home
ユーザーガイド を参照ください。
InstallAnywhere Wizardでは、
コンピューターへ製品のインストールを行います。
「次へ」をクリックすると、インストールが始まります

続行するには ENTER キーを押します: 



===============================================================================
使用許諾契約
------

ManageEngine OpManager Plus をインストールして使用するには、
以下のご使用許諾契約に同意していただく必要があります。
:

TERMS OF SALE FOR MANAGEENGINE SOFTWARE PRODUCTS

1. Your Acceptance of the Terms of Sale

Thank you for visiting the Zoho Corporation Private Limited ("we" or "Zoho") 
website, www.manageengine.com (the "Website"). This document ("Terms of Sale")
is a legal agreement between you or the entity that you represent ("you") and 
Zoho, and governs your download and purchase of ManageEngine software products
from the Website.

PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE TO DOWNLOAD A SOFTWARE PRODUCT 
CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF SALE, AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT PROVIDED BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF
SALE, OR TERMS OF THE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT, PLEASE EXIT THE WEBSITE 
WITHOUT CONTINUING THE ORDERING AND/OR DOWNLOADING PROCESS.

2. Purpose

The purpose and intent of this Website is to provide information on software 
products (the "Software") that we make available for download and purchase 
through the Website.

3. Download of Evaluation Version

続行するには ENTER キーを押します: 


We offer the Software for download on a free trial basis pursuant to an 
Evaluation License as set out in our End-User License Agreement set forth 
below ("EULA"). Your use of the copy of the evaluation version of the Software
is subject to the applicable terms and conditions of the EULA.

4. Purchase of Commercial Licenses

After the expiration of the evaluation period, you may obtain through the 
Website a Commercial License of the Software pursuant to the paid subscription,
or if applicable, the Free Edition, as set out in the EULA. Your use of the 
copy of the Software is subject to the applicable terms and conditions of the 
EULA.

Our authorized U.S. reseller, Zoho Corporation ("Distributor"), is responsible
for sales of Commercial Licenses within the U.S. region. Your purchase of a 
Commercial License within the U.S. region is subject to any pricing or any 
special terms of sale that may be agreed between you and Distributor. You are 
responsible for providing Distributor with a valid credit card number or other
acceptable means of payment to secure payment. Distributor reserves the right 
to cancel any order if the credit card number you provide is not valid.


続行するには ENTER キーを押します: 

END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

The following terms constitute a binding agreement between you and Zoho with 
respect to use of ManageEngine OpManager including its user documentation 
("Licensed Software")

1. EVALUATION LICENSE:

Zoho Corporation Private Limited ("Zoho") grants to you a non-exclusive, 
non-transferable, Evaluation License for trial and evaluation of the Licensed 
software, in binary object code form, for a period of thirty (30) days from 
the date of download or installation. This License begins upon downloading or 
installing the Licensed Software and ends thirty (30) days thereafter 
("Evaluation Period").

If you are not willing to use the Licensed Software, either the Free Edition 
or the Professional/Enterprise Edition, after the Evaluation Period, delete 
all the copies installed in your computer with immediate effect. You are 
forbidden from using the Licensed Software for any other use or otherwise 
offering it for resale under the terms of this Section 1. Zoho retains all 
rights not specifically granted to you herein.


続行するには ENTER キーを押します: 

2. COMMERCIAL LICENSE:

Free Edition: Where applicable, if you choose to use the Free Edition beyond 
the Evaluation Period, the Licensed Software allows you to manage up to 3 
critical devices. Zoho grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, 
world-wide license to use the Licensed Software for no cost in perpetuity.

As part of your choosing annual subscription license by paying the initial 
subscription fee, Zoho grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, 
world-wide license to Use the Licensed Software, provided that such Use of the
Licensed Software is in accordance with the Single Installation License 
granted by Zoho. Under the Subscription License, the Licensed Software is 
licensed only for a subscription period of one year. You must renew your 
license by paying annual subscription fee, at least 10 days before the expiry 
of the subscription period in order to continue using the Licensed Software. 
If you do not renew the license, you agree to stop using the Licensed Software
after end of the subscription period and remove the Licensed Software from 
your systems.

"Use" means storing, locating, installing, executing or displaying the 
Licensed Software according to the license procured by you.


続行するには ENTER キーを押します: 

For the purpose of this section "Licensed Software" includes updates and 
upgrades to which you are entitled as well as any plug-ins provided to you 
during the period of your subscription.

"Single Installation License" means that the license key provided shall not be
used for more than one concurrent Use of the Licensed Software.

3. THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS:

The Licensed Software may contain software which originated with third party 
vendors and without limiting the general applicability of the other provisions
of this Agreement, you agree that (a) the title to any third party software 
incorporated in the Licensed Software shall remain with the third party which 
supplied the same; and (b) you will not distribute any such third party 
software available with the Licensed Software, in any manner.

4. RESTRICTIONS ON USE:

In addition to all other terms and conditions of this Agreement, you shall 
not: (i) install one copy of the Licensed Software on more than one machine; 
(ii) remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices from the 
Licensed Software or its copies; (iii) make any copies except for one back-up 

続行するには ENTER キーを押します: 

or archival copy, for temporary emergency purpose; (iv) rent, lease, license, 
sublicense or distribute the Licensed Software or any portions of it on a 
standalone basis or as part of your application; (v) modify or enhance the 
Licensed Software; (vi) use the Licensed Software in a computer-based services
business or publicly display visual output of the Licensed Software or use the
Licensed Software for the benefit of any other person or entity; (vii) reverse
engineer, decompile or disassemble the Licensed Software; or (viii) allow any 
third parties to access, use or support the Licensed Software.

5. TECHNICAL SUPPORT:

Zoho provides support that includes email support for problem reporting, 
product updates, upgrades and online access to product documentation at no 
additional cost for the period of subscription.

6. COLLECTION OF USAGE DETAILS:

Zoho collects details pertaining to your usage of the Licensed Software such 
as the license details, system details, device model and monitor details, 
usage statistics pertaining to the number of devices and other objects in the 
database and the product shut down and start times. The Usage Details 
collected does not include any personal information. Zoho agrees to furnish 

続行するには ENTER キーを押します: 

the data collected regarding your usage of the Licensed Software upon request 
by you. You understand and acknowledge that collection of Usage Details is 
enabled by default and that it needs to be disabled through the Licensed 
Software's user interface if you do not wish to allow Zoho to collect Usage 
Details.

7. OWNERSHIP AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY:

Zoho owns all right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Software. Zoho 
expressly reserves all rights not granted to you herein, notwithstanding the 
right to discontinue or not to release any Licensed Software and to alter 
prices, features, specifications, capabilities, functions, licensing terms, 
release dates, general availability or characteristics of the Licensed 
Software. The Licensed Software is only licensed and not sold to you by Zoho.

8. AUDIT:

Zoho has the right to audit your Use of the Licensed Software by providing at 
least seven (7) days prior written notice of its intention to conduct such an 
audit at your facilities during normal business hours.

9. CONFIDENTIALITY:

続行するには ENTER キーを押します: 


The Licensed Software contains proprietary information of Zoho that are 
protected by the laws of the United States and you hereby agree to take all 
reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of the Licensed Software. 
You agree to reasonably communicate the terms and conditions of this Agreement
to those persons employed by you who come into contact with or access the 
Licensed Software, and to use reasonable efforts to ensure their compliance 
with such terms and conditions, including but not limited to, not knowingly 
permitting such persons to use any portion of the Licensed Software for a 
purpose that is not allowed under this Agreement.

10. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER:

Zoho does not warrant that the Licensed Software will be error-free. Except as
provided herein, the Licensed Software is furnished "as is" without warranty 
of any kind, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a 
particular purpose and without warranty as to the performance or results you 
may obtain by using the Licensed Software. You are solely responsible for 
determining the appropriateness of using the Licensed Software and assume all 
risks associated with the use of it, including but not limited to the risks of
program errors, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and 
unavailability or interruption of operations.

続行するには ENTER キーを押します: 


11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:

In no event will Zoho be liable to you or any third party for any special, 
incidental, indirect, punitive or exemplary or consequential damages, or 
damages for loss of business, loss of profits, business interruption, or loss 
of business information arising out of the use or inability to use the program
or for any claim by any other party even if Zoho has been advised of the 
possibility of such damages. Zoho's entire liability with respect to its 
obligations under this agreement or otherwise with respect to the Licensed 
Software shall not exceed the amount of the license fee paid by you for the 
Licensed Software.

12. INDEMNIFICATION:

Zoho agree to indemnify and defend you from and against any and all claims, 
actions or proceedings, arising out of any claim that the Licensed Software 
infringes or violates any valid U.S. patent, copyright or trade secret right 
of any third party; so long as you provide; (i) prompt written notice to Zoho 
of such claim; (ii) cooperate with Zoho in the defense and/or settlement 
thereof, at Zoho's expense; and, (iii) allow Zoho to control the defense and 
all related settlement negotiations. The above is Zoho's sole obligation to 

続行するには ENTER キーを押します: 

you and shall be your sole and exclusive remedy pursuant to this Agreement for
intellectual property infringement.

Zoho shall have no indemnity obligation for claims of infringement to the 
extent resulting or alleged to result from (i) any combination, operation, or 
use of the Licensed software with any programs or equipment not supplied by 
Zoho; (ii) any modification of the Licensed Software by a party other than 
Zoho; and (iii) your failure, within a reasonable time frame, to implement any
replacement or modification of Licensed Software provided by Zoho.

13. TERMINATION:

This Agreement is effective until terminated by either party. You may 
terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying or returning to Zoho all 
copies of the Licensed Software in your possession. Zoho may terminate this 
Agreement for any reason, including but not limited to your breach of any of 
the terms of this Agreement. Upon termination, you shall destroy or return to 
Zoho all copies of the Licensed Software and certify in writing that all know 
copies have been destroyed. All provisions relating to confidentiality, 
proprietary rights, non-disclosure, and limitation of liability shall survive 
the termination of this Agreement.


続行するには ENTER キーを押します: 


14. GENERAL:

If you are a resident of the United States or Canada, this Agreement shall be 
governed by and interpreted in all respects by the laws of the State of 
California, without reference to conflict of laws' principles, as such laws 
are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within 
California between California residents. If you are a resident of any other 
country, this Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all respects 
by the laws of the Republic of India without reference to conflict of laws' 
principles, as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be 
performed entirely within the Republic of India between residents of the 
Republic of India. If you are a resident of the United States or Canada, you 
agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts in the Northern 
District of California. If you are a resident of any other country, you agree 
to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts in Chennai, India. This 
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties, and supersedes
all prior communications, understandings or agreements between the parties. 
Any waiver or modification of this Agreement shall only be effective if it is 
in writing and signed by both parties hereto. If any part of this Agreement is
found invalid or unenforceable, the remainder shall be interpreted so as to 
reasonable effect the intention of the parties. You shall not export the 

続行するには ENTER キーを押します: 

Licensed Software or your application containing the Licensed Software except 
in compliance with United States export regulations and applicable laws and 
regulations.

この使用許諾契約の条項に同意しますか。 (Y/N): 
この使用許諾契約の条項に同意しますか。 (Y/N): y



===============================================================================
ManageEngine OpManager Plus
---------------------------


テクニカルサポートに登録しますか？(Y/N) (デフォルト: 
   Y): n




===============================================================================
インストール フォルダーを選択
---------------

推奨ドライブ容量は、10GBです

  デフォルトのインストール フォルダー: /opt/ManageEngine/OpManager

絶対パスを入力するか、ENTER 
   キーを押してデフォルトを使用してください。
      : 



===============================================================================





===============================================================================
Webポート
------

OpManagerは、ポート8060でWebサーバーに接続します。
別ポートを使用する場合、こちらで指定してください

Webサーバーのポート番号を入力してください 
   (デフォルト: 8060): 




===============================================================================
Netflowポート
----------

要求された情報を入力してください

NetFlowリスニングポート を入力してください 
   (デフォルト: 9996): 




===============================================================================
インストール前の要約
----------

続行するには ENTER キーを押してください。  
情報が間違っている場合は、BACK 
と入力して変更を行ってください
   

製品名:
    ManageEngine OpManager Plus

インストール フォルダー:
    /opt/ManageEngine/OpManager

ディスク容量情報 (インストール先): 
    必要なディスク容量:  643.23 メガバイト
    使用可能なディスク容量: 859,161.84 メガバイト

続行するには ENTER キーを押します: 



===============================================================================
インストール中...
----------

 [==================|==================|==================|==================]
 [------------------|------------------|------------------|------------------]



===============================================================================
Installation Completed
----------------------

ありがとうございます。ManageEngine OpManager 
Plusのインストール先は、以下の通りです。
/opt/ManageEngine/OpManager

readmeファイルは、こちらです /opt/ManageEngine/OpManager/README.html
```